---
layout: default
title:  "Welcome to my newsletter!"
substack: "https://felixalbani.substack.com/p/welcome-to-my-newsletter"
description: "In this series I will explore the power of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and how it can enhance our day to day tasks. "
---

# Welcome to my newsletter!

Welcome to my newsletter! In this series I will explore the power of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and how it can enhance our day to day tasks. Whether you are a technical expert or a non-technical enthusiast, this newsletter aims to deliver interesting and informative content that is accessible to everyone.

AI has been revolutionizing the way we live, work and interact with the world around us. From chatbots that can assist us to self driven cars. I want to learn to leverage AI in our day to day tasks, to improve the quality of our work by automating and simplifying certain tasks.

In this newsletter, I will be taking a black-box approach to AI. Focusing on how we can use AI without having to dive into the technicalities and inner working details. My goal is to provide you with a simple, easy-to-understand approach to AI. I’ll help you understand and hopefully leverage the benefits of AI without diving into the details of the inner workings and mathematical concepts that power it. My approach will focus on the inputs and outputs of AI rather than the technical details. I will show you how to operate AI as if you were operating a car, without needing to learn how the engine, brake or suspension are internally built and designed. 

If you subscribe to this newsletter you will receive a weekly post where I will share my own journey and experiences using different AI bots, frameworks and tools. I’ll show you how to use AI to get things done faster and better. Whether it's automating repetitive tasks, or also improving the quality or speed of specific tasks. 

I believe that AI is a powerful tool that can make our lives easier and more efficient. By adopting AI, we can achieve more in less time and achieve our goals faster. My goal is to learn and show you how  to unlock the potential of AI and make it work for you. I look forward to sharing my learnings and insights with you.